# digitalframeworkshomework
Born in New Dehli, India in 1973, Raja Krishnamoorthi moved to the state of New York at the age of 3. Nearly ten years later, his family relocated to Illinois. After receiving his bachelor’s degree in mechanical engineering from Princeton University, he later went on to obtain his J.D. from Harvard law. Some highlights of the beginning of his political career include working with former President Obama in 2002 as a staffer on Obama’s 2000 election campaign for the U.S. House of Representatives. He later served as an issues director for Obama’s 2004 election to the US Senate. 

As of January 3rd of this year, Krishnamoorthi was sworn into the United States House of Representatives, and vowed to dedicate his position to see it very publicly clear that he does not support the 45th president. In January after President Trump put a restriction on certain Muslims entering the U.S., Krishnamoorthi joined hundreds of protesters at O’Hare INternational Airport. He even spoke out against the detention centers people were being held in at the airport. "They applied legally, they've been vetted and they've been here, in many cases, for decades, and they were detained by their own country at the airport. So many of our businesses rely on green card holders -- how are we supposed to attract these people if they think they'll be detained at the airport if they go abroad for a wedding, or just to show their baby to relatives?"

Earlier this year, he delivered a speech on the House floor, where he argued against repealing the Affordable Healthcare Act. He said, "repealing without replacing the Affordable Care Act would devastate our economy and harm millions of middle-class families. Within the 8th District of Illinois, we could lose upwards of over $550 million from our economy and over 4,000 jobs serving the middle class.” 
